---
tags: [ about ]
title: AGDR Advisory Board
description: ""
---

## How to Cite Data in the Aotearoa Genomic Data Repository

"The data for this study have been generated by Author et al. (x), and deposited in the Aotearoa Genomic Data Repository (AGDR) under project ID AGDRXXXXX (DOI XXX)."

Including the author's publication in the reference section.

For example:

"The data for this study have been generated by Dussex et al. (2019), and deposited in the Aotearoa Genomic Data Repository (AGDR) under project ID AGDR00004 (DOI 10.57748/8y0f-cv17)."

Dussex N, von Seth J, Knapp M, Kardailsky O, Robertson BC, Dalén L. Complete genomes of two extinct New Zealand passerines show responses to climate fluctuations but no evidence for genomic erosion prior to extinction. Biol Lett. 2019 Sep 27;15(9):20190491. doi: 10.1098/rsbl.2019.

## How to Acknowledge Iwi, Hapu

Iwi and/or hapu should be formally acknowledged in any publications or presentations relating to data held in AGDR, as part of the standard terms of accessing the data, which will be sent as part of the data access agreement. Specific instructions on how to appropriately acknowledge Iwi, hapu will be with those terms. Or please contact gasupport@nesi.org.nz if you have questions.

## How to Cite the Aotearoa Genomic Data Repository

To cite the AGDR generally, please reference the following publication:

"Te Aika B, Liggins L, Rye C, Perkins E Owen, Huh J, Brauning R, Godfery T, Black MA. Aotearoa genomic data repository: An āhuru mōwai for taonga species sequencing data. Mol Ecol Resour. 2023 Sep 15. doi: 10.1111/1755-0998.13866."
